Wait a minute.
Is this Xu Wenjie crazy?
How dare you stop Kingdom City?
The Association has the privilege to kill first and then play
He's dead.
Mr. Xu
The Ido Association doesn't allow it to dominate that kind of land
President Wang cares about this matter
I'm not a friend. Did you drink too much?
Please don't blame it.
Do you dare to blame me?
Xu Wenjie, stop making trouble
We're divorced. Mind your own business
You are so good
I'll take care of your business
President Wang, why don't you give me Gao Qilan?
Let me take him to meet the lady of the world
I believe I can do this.
You don't even look at your weight
At least ma'am can meet someone like you?
That is to say, there is Wang Guizhang here
Why do you need a bumpkin to shoot?
I'm relieved if Mr. Xu makes a move.
You let him go
I'll take my leave if there's nothing else.
President Wang is really gone
You are happy
Hurry up 21 bad things
The Gao family has to die
You know President Wang
Kind of know
Forget about that.
Come with me to see Mrs. World Mouse